HockeyModel UI Prototype

A high-fidelity, interactive front-end prototype for HockeyModel—an AI-powered hockey prediction platform.

This application demonstrates the user experience for both Free and Premium users, featuring advanced data visualizations, confidence tracking, and market edge analysis.

Features

Dynamic Tier Toggling: Instantly switch between "Free" (blurred/locked data) and "Premium" (fully unlocked) views to simulate the upsell experience.

Game Dashboard: Visual probability bars, confidence badges, and game schedules.

Explainability Engine: Interactive "Waterfall Charts" showing how the model arrived at a specific win probability.

Scenario Simulator: Interactive toggles (e.g., "Star Player Out") that adjust probabilities in real-time.

Market Edge Finder: A dense data table comparing model probabilities against sportsbook odds to highlight +EV bets.

Performance Tracking: SVG-based charts visualizing bankroll growth and ROI history.

Weekly Contests: A gamified flow for users to submit their own predictions.

Tech Stack

Framework: React 18 (via Vite)

Styling: Tailwind CSS

Icons: Lucide React

Runtime: Node.js

Prerequisites

Before running this project, ensure you have Node.js installed on your machine.

Open your terminal (PowerShell, Command Prompt, or Terminal).

Run node -v to check. If you get an error, download it from the official Node.js website.

Installation

Navigate to the project directory:

cd hockey-model-prototype


Install the dependencies:

npm install


How to Run

Start the development server:

npm run dev


Look for the "Local" URL in your terminal (usually http://localhost:5173/).

Ctrl + Click the link or paste it into your browser to view the app.

Project Structure

hockey-model-prototype/
├── src/
│   ├── App.jsx           # Main application logic and all UI components
│   ├── index.css         # Tailwind CSS directives and global styles
│   └── main.jsx          # React entry point
├── index.html            # HTML shell
├── package.json          # Dependency list and scripts
├── tailwind.config.js    # Tailwind configuration
└── vite.config.js        # Build tool configuration


Notes for Developers

CSS Warnings: You may see a warning in VS Code saying "Unknown at rule @tailwind". This is normal and can be ignored; the app will still compile correctly.

Mock Data: This prototype uses static mock data arrays (GAMES, PROPS, EDGE_FINDER) defined at the top of App.jsx. No backend connection is required.